Add config flow to Roth Touchline (#25865)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/touchline.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `touchline` climate platform let you control [Roth EnergyLogic Touchline](https://www.roth-uk.com/en/roth-touchline.htm) floor heating thermostats from Roth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Roth Touchline integrations let you control [Roth EnergyLogic Touchline](https://www.roth-uk.com/en/roth-touchline.htm) floor heating thermostats from Roth.
```

<div class='note'>
This integration does not work with the newer Roth Softline and Touchline SL/PL.
</div>

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> To manually set it up, add the following information to your `configuration.yaml` file:

Reviewer: Support for manual configuration should be deprecated in the parent PR (and thus removed from documentation).
